right. An evaluation off. Almost promote. First off, don't use most below.
You need to use E t. Remember that. Uh, your ranking. Um the piece
needs to be above you or breaking percentage. You need to know you're
right percent. And given someone in e p who doesn't deserve it
doesn't do you justice. Two previous sailors that work for you. Because
if you, you know, rank someone artificially high. That hurts the
people that came before you. When that person comes up for promotion,
this promotion board will pull out your average overall. So you
have to be very jealous and guarding numerical likings and where you
look, people war God absolutely do that. What else to put in there?
What man? Woman's performance should speak for itself so quickly. The
heart example in there. Okay, first and foremost, you know, awarded
Navy Cross isn't leading. That's why no one is, you know, awarded
a legion of marriage for his last. Okay, um, awarding the life saving
medal because the sailor went out and save a person was choking the
revivals. You know, any any awards need to be mentioned up top top
right away, and then, uh, stating that you know what you would welcome
this person back to your living room at any time sends the message
since the message that it's not faint praise that you would serve
with this cellar again. That that is a good message. So said, um,
fill out the rest of the block 41 helps, you know, Don't you want to
limit on the person? And it said that, uh, recommending for, uh, see
Minto Advil program. This this person envisions encapsulate represents
everything that Apple born meant. He established this even terrible.
Um, this person should yet more education than more leadership
training to help lead our nation and all fleet into the vest generation
of war fighters. So there are ways to say it to document it. Right?
But start with, you know, had safely oversaw, you know, 10,000
steaming hours without incident. Transferred two million barrels of
fuel underway from external shipping from the supply ships, replenishment
ships and internally transfer. You know, another 1,000,000 gallons
as we safely steamed for a year under way. Okay, that's incredible
number. People want to see big numbers like that. Okay. With the
landing LSC leading safety enlisted city evaluator Two for 200 safe
landings. Wow! I want that person when May What? I'm coming in. So
first and foremost fine points that the person And if the person is
that walk on water I need everything that I'm just saying If the person
is that important, he or she should be able to give you so for 10
minutes Help! Right fit right. You tell me. I can't like the Fed rep.
I need some bullets to help differentiate you.